The old saying says the snow is too cold.
A lot of people will surely say that it's silly and that it can snow at any temperature.
That's a little true.
Let's start with some technical details.
We're talking about snow made of water.
I'm not talking about methane snow on Titan or on another planet.
A cryogenic temperature,
in which liquid oxygen and nitrogen,
they are too low on snow if you do not have strange ideas about snow.
We talk about common ground snow from frozen water,
which has just begun to fall here.
The colder the air, the less water vapors it can keep.
Satisfy faster.
When it is cold, the individual molecules of water
have a better chance of condensing into the fluid
and a much lesser chance of evaporation.
The cold air is more likely to get rid of the water
and had formed clouds before.
Cold air is drier.
It is too cold to snow.
But a few other facts need to be taken into account.
The temperature down here, although it's cold, is not the same as above.
There is much bigger winter above.
But sometimes the warmer air is above the cooler.
The fact that there is cold and dry air,
does not mean that ice crystals are not formed in the clouds.
Of course, only if the clouds are there.
That's another problem.
Keep in mind that snow can only form in clouds.
The clouds also reflect the heat coming out of the surface of the Earth back.
If you do not see the clouds, it will not snow.
It will also be much cooler because the clouds do not reflect heat.
So this saying is not entirely true, but here you can see how it was created.
Yes, when the temperature drops and falls,
it is for these reasons that snowing is less and less likely.
That is the part of truth.
It can be too cold to snow.
Right now there's a really big winter and I'm going back inside.
I got it behind my neck!
Translation: Mithril www.videacesky.cz